Add CppCon Slides (#40)
PickNikRobotics/ros_testing_templates: README.md

mkdir -p ~/.${REPO}/ccache
sudo chown -R $(id -u):$(id -g) ~/.${REPO}/ccache
```

# Additional Information
## CppCon 2023 Slides

> The code in `functional_programming_tests` was actually presented at CppCon 2023 and ROSCon 2023. The abstract of the presentation is: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code in `functional_programming_tests` was presented at CppCon 2023 and ROSCon 2023. The abstract of the presentation is: 
```

```
In the field of robotics, Robot Operating System (ROS) is the de facto middleware of choice across academia and industry.

> As most code examples in ROS utilize an object-oriented approach, challenges can arise when writing tests for production code due to the boilerplate code ROS introduces, often leading to unexpected bugs or flaky tests.

Reviewer: > due to the boilerplate

It's not really about the boilerplate from ROS. What are you trying to say here?

Author: > due to the network calls

I guess that's what it should be?

Author: Well, I guess that sentence doesn't make complete sense now... 🤔 I'll go ruminate on it.

Reviewer: So, that replacement would make sense, but overall the sentence reads
- ros code is object oriented
- presumably you're going to mention why this isn't preferred
- because something is bad with testing it
- but, it's actually the network calls?
- and that makes tests flaky? what do network calls have to do with OO?

> This talk explores ways to mitigate those issues by using a functional approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This talk explores ways to mitigate those issues by using a functional programming approach.
```

By adopting this approach, we can minimize the impact that ROS or other middleware has on your code, preventing it from becoming tightly coupled and brittle.

> Attendees can expect an overview of ROS 2 and the conventional programming approach typically associated with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attendees can expect an overview of ROS2 and the conventional programming approach typically associated with it.
```

Author: `ROS 2` is the proper term per Open Robotics, no?

Reviewer: https://twitter.com/OpenRoboticsOrg/status/1628514177009713155

Oh, so it is. i thought it was the other way

We'll delve into how tests are usually constructed and pinpoint potential sources of bugs and flakiness.
Following this, we will introduce a functional approach to writing test code.

> By the end of this talk, attendees will learn an alternative method of architecting their ROS 2 code and also understand how this approach can lead to more robust, maintainable, and testable code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By the end of this talk, attendees will learn an alternative method of architecting their ROS2 code and also understand how this approach can lead to more robust, maintainable, and testable code.
```
